Feat/add template (#11)
typefaceoff/typefaceoff: README.md

The tool works locally; font files are not uploaded to any server.

## Development

> This project uses React for Front-end, Vanilla CSS for styling, and Vite for server tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses React for front-end, vanilla CSS for styling, and Vite for server tooling.
```

> [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) 16+ is recommended for development as anything less has yet to be tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org) 16+ is recommended for development; Typefaceoff is not tested with older versions.
```

> The package manager of choice is pnpm instead of npm or yarn. Installation instructions [here](https://pnpm.io/installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package manager of choice is pnpm—installation instructions [here](https://pnpm.io/installation).
```

The following commands should enable you to set up a development server running of the website.

```sh

> # clone your fork of the git repository and open it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Clone your fork of the Git repository and open it
```

cd typefaceoff

> # install dependencies with pnpm (see docs if not installed https://pnpm.io/installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install dependencies with pnpm
# (Consult https://pnpm.io/installation if you don’t have pnpm installed)
```

pnpm install

> # set up pre-commit hooks for formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up pre-commit hooks for code formatting
```

pnpm run husky

> # start the dev server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Start the development server
```
